Add note on the danger of closed indices (#61332)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/install.asciidoc

[float]
=== Hosted Elasticsearch
Elasticsearch can be run on your own hardware or using our hosted Elasticsearch
Service on https://www.elastic.co/cloud[Elastic Cloud], which is available on

> AWS, GCP and Azure. You can

Author: Unrelated except that I was looking for other references to Cloud: reformat & mention Azure.

> Elasticsearch can be run on your own hardware or using our hosted Elasticsearch
> Service on https://www.elastic.co/cloud[Elastic Cloud], which is available on
> AWS, GCP and Azure. You can
> https://www.elastic.co/cloud/elasticsearch-service/signup[try out the hosted
> service] for free.

Reviewer: Just adds attributes.
```suggestion
{es} can be run on your own hardware or using our hosted {ess} on
https://www.elastic.co/cloud[{ecloud}], which is available on AWS, GCP and
Azure. You can {ess-trial}[try out the hosted service] for free.
```
